(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
(Episode 8)
Hello, Mr. Kim Min Joon.
I'm the manager of Claims Examination Team,
Choi Kang Woo.
I asked what you are doing here.
What would I do here as the manager of this team?
Of course I'd examine insurance claims.
Examine insurance claims?
You said someone told you to look for...
the insurance policy of Taeyang Insurance.
(Claims Examination Team Manager Choi Kang Woo)
My goodness.
Taeyang Insurance must trust you a lot...
for them to take you back without hesitance.
I'm not sure.
Do they trust me?
Shall I also give my trust to Taeyang Insurance?
Kim Min Joon.
What are you up to?
Stay under the radar.
Don't let people notice you.
To give you my utmost trust,
I need people to notice me.
If you get caught again,
no one can save you.
Mr. Choi, are you concerned about me?
Why would I be concerned about a fraud?
I'm telling you to not ruin my plan.
My service to you.
Gosh, that idiot.
The extraordinary general meeting is next Monday.
Then next week,
will you be Chairman Joo Hyun Ki?
It's all thanks to you, Chairman Cha.
When's Jung Pil's funeral?
I'm thinking this Friday.
Can you make it?
Everyone in the politics and the business know...
that you two were the closest friends.
You need to come and shed some tears of sadness.
Don't worry about it.
Hyun Ki, don't overdo anything just because...
your dad has passed away.
Don't cause any trouble...
until the general meeting is over.
Don't worry about it.
It took two years...
to finally let my father go.
He collapsed here after the JH 801 accident...
and never gained back consciousness.
Right?
By the way, you still have it, don't you?
801.
That thing.
What about you?
Of course I do.
Because of that...
you helped me with the succession of management.
Bring it to me...
after the meeting as promised.
I'll return yours then.
Hong Joo...
shouldn't know about our secret until the end.
I just feel bad for you two...
for having too many secrets.
People might think...
that you and I are father and son.
Do you have more nonsense to blabber about?
No, I'm done.
Dad, Kang Woo...
Hi, Director Cha.
Why do you look so pale?
Is something wrong?
You should go.
I want to know what you two will talk about.
But you won't let me join in.
Why did you hire Kang Woo back?
I didn't.
He crawled back in.
He did?
Still, why did you take him back?
We have the worst detection rate.
You said Moo Shin wasn't good enough.
You were looking for a new manager, weren't you?
With Kang Woo, we were always number one...
in our field for 10 years.
It wouldn't look good to reject him...
when he wanted to come back.
If you're concerned about that...
I'll take care of...
Don't try too hard, Hong Joo.
You know...
Kang Woo was after Lee Mi Ran until recently.
Hong Joo, why are you so concerned?
Is it something to do with the plane crash?
I don't think it is.
Am I right?
- Dad. - Keep this in mind.
If it's not in our memory,
then it isn't true.
We just have to make that not true.
Are you still at it?
Is that why you need Kang Woo?
If you give him what he wants...
and leave him alone, he'll go fetch it.
He's talented in that way.
What will he fetch you?
Don't ask anything...
that you wouldn't be able to forget later.
You just get ready to kill the dog.
This time, you should give it a go.
Are you telling me to...
Director Cha of Taeyang Insurance.
Will you stay as Kang Woo's junior forever?
Aren't you going to take this place?
Make a choice, Hong Joo.
This seat will be empty soon.
After you leave this seat,
where will you go?
To JH?
I said...
don't ask anything...
that you wouldn't be able to forget later.
Did you see the HR notice?
Manager Choi Kang Woo is back after two years.
The mad dog has returned.
The detection rate will rise up.
- It will. - He's legendary.
Choi Kang Woo.
Dad, Kang Woo...
Kang Woo.
Hi, Kang Woo.
Hong Joo, where are you going? I'm still talking!
He's the one who made...
Hong Joo smile.
He's back after two years?
After two years?
After that phone call...
with the question I couldn't understand,
how could you do this without telling me?
Between you and I...
I mean,
if you were considerate of me as your superior,
you should've told me in advance.
I'm sorry, Director Cha.
Director Cha? Kang Woo, please...
Let me ask you one thing.
Don't answer me as my employee,
but as you.
What is it, Hong Joo?
Be honest with me.
Why have you returned?
Because I wanted to.
You asked me to join Mad Dog...
not too long ago.
But why did you want to come back so suddenly?
There's no reason to run Mad Dog anymore.
Ko Jin Chul is dead.
Didn't you know?
How could I know...
Does my dad...
know about this?
I no longer have...
the reason to keep Mad Dog.
So I told him I wanted to return to Taeyang.
I think I'll be more useful in Taeyang.
"More useful in Taeyang"?
You have the lowest detection rate.
I'll raise it.
Is that the reason?
Is that all?
No, it's not all.
You told me...
to live my life, Choi Kang Woo's life.
You said there was no such thing.
Yes, there is.
It's at an unexpected place.
I realized it only now.
Where is that place?
Here.
Taeyang Insurance.
Is that so?
Is it here?
Yes, I think it's here.
This is like my hometown.
Isn't it?
You didn't have kimchi jjigae, and you are...
having triangle gimbap again?
You said you had it every day...
when you were in Yongsan.
Aren't you sick of it?
Why would I be sick of it? It's a new flavor.
It's crab meat.
You should eat something healthy.
You're finally home.
How was your meal?
What's he doing there?
He comes and leaves like this is his house.
Hey, Dr. Kim.
Get out of Mr. Choi's chair.
Pentium, you should stop...
putting trackers and wiretaps on my things.
Can you still not trust me?
That's because you aren't trustworthy at all.
Trustworthy?
I think...
you should worry about Choi Kang Woo, not me.
You're all waiting for Choi Kang Woo here.
Will Taeyang Insurance believe...
that he closed Mad Dog down or not?
You're telling us to close the office.
Right, Kim Min Joon?
That's right, Jang Ha Ri.
(Mad Dog has closed. Thank you for your patronage.)
What are you doing here?
You told us to close our office.
So why are you here?
Mr. Kim Min Joon, our landlord.
You didn't give us our key money back.
All you have is beer.
Don't you have soju?
I don't like beer because it's too weak.
Give me your account number now.
It'll cost us a fortune...
to move again...
and re-install the internet line.
Your phone is gold.
It's stylish.
Gold and black.
Did you get it to match your outfit?
Let's ask him to pay for the internet line.
How much was it?
Because it took a lot of work...
and stuff...
- 100,000 dollars. - What?
Get off it!
What is he saying?
Get off it right now!
What? Why?
Didn't you put it here...
so you can ride it when you're bored?
Let's go!
It's a one-of-a-kind artwork...
by a German artist.
Gosh. Really?
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho...
and Director Cha Hong Joo of Taeyang Insurance...
met up in a hotel in the morning.
It was a hotel restaurant.
You make it sound weird.
All right.
They met at a hotel restaurant...
and had a chat in the morning.
Right.
Hey, Dr. Kim.
Did you hear what they were talking about?
Nothing at all.
Someone called me...
when I was about to eavesdrop.
You should thank me for saving your life.
Mad Dog is concerned about my life...
which I don't even worry about.
Gosh.
Do you like me that much?
Yes, very much.
I like you so much that I want to strangle you.
What?
That means I'll get killed anyway.
Whether I get killed by Young Ho...
or you, Ha Ri.
Let's have some fun before I die then.
Enjoy yourselves.
Didn't he want to have some fun?
Who's this person?
Open the other files too.
(Voice of Truth, Reporter Bang Jin Seok)
"Reporter Bang Jin Seok"?
("JH Group Denies the Illness of Chairman Joo")
Click on his articles.
(How to make a complaint)
Most articles were suspended from posting.
What articles did he write?
Hold on.
Look who demanded the suspension.
It's the legal affairs team of JH Group.
Is this the same team...
that Lee Young Ho of Juhan Air is in?
Bingo.
(Juhan Air Crash Accident)
(From Choi Kang Woo)
(Attached files)
I'll take care of it,
so don't cause trouble by acting rashly.
Watch them from afar.
Don't move, and don't do anything.
Kim Min Joon.
I'm not sure if I can just do nothing,
Choi Kang Woo.
(Voice recording in the flight deck of JH 801)
Hey, Bum Joon!
No!
Hey.
Bum Joon's voice isn't...
in the recording at all.
It means someone deleted his voice.
Assistant Pilot Kim Bum Joon must've tried...
to pull the wheel up in any way possible...
and to communicate with the control tower too.
But no single voice of his remains in the recording.
It means someone fabricated the dash cam...
and submitted it to the government.
Someone influential enough to fabricate it.
Chairman Joo collapsed and was unconscious...
right after the accident occurred.
(Emergency Task Force)
Joo Hyun Ki.
That's right.
The vice president and the president's son,
Joo Hyun Ki, stepped up to deal with the case.
It hadn't been long since his appointment...
as an executive officer,
so it was his first time directly in the lead.
It was said the investigation went...
smoothly because of his active response.
Right after taking care of the accident well,
he was promoted as a vice president at once.
Thanks to the accident,
he showed himself to the public...
and got a dramatic promotion?
Kim Min Joon.
Why did you give us the data about Reporter Bang?
I'd like to show myself to the public too.
What are you trying to do?
You'll know soon enough, so don't be impatient.
Kim Min Joon.
It feels so strange...
now that all of you are worried about me.
Just worry about Choi Kang Woo...
like you always have.
I wonder if he's doing well in Taeyang.
Here's the intranet access code.
It should work now.
Thanks.
Is it all set, sir?
Why would you call me like that?
Don't.
We're in the company, so I should be polite to you.
Shall I just be not?
(Contractor: Kim Bum Joon)
You memorize his social security number?
I can never forget it even if I want to.
(Social Security Number)
(Life Insurance)
Why are both you and Kim Min Joon...
looking for this?
Before Lee Mi Ran died, she told Kim Min Joon...
to find the original insurance policy.
Lee Mi Ran did?
Did she see something when she had it?
What do you mean?
Well...
Right after an article about her being...
the insurance planner of Kim Bum Joon got released,
I got quite a lot of calls from her customers.
They wanted to retrieve their policies from her.
She kept her customers' insurance policies?
My wife left hers with Lee Mi Ran too.
She did it...
because she was worried I might scold her again.
You have the retrieved policies, right?
Let me take a look at them.
(Contractor: Park Moo Shin)
Did we use random papers for printing?
I thought...
we used the same product of a designated company.
Why? Is it different?
Professor Byeon.
Do you know anyone who's good at analyzing...
Yes, I know someone.
He's our member called Papyrus,
and he runs a private analyzing company.
This sheet of paper wasn't produced in 2008.
This kind of natural paper product...
was first developed in this industry...
in 2010.
They produced and placed it on the market...
starting from July.
These were signed in 2008...
and 2009.
This one was signed in January, 2010.
There's no way they can be original.
Because the paper was yet to be produced.
Exactly.
So...
among Kim Bum Joon's eight insurance policies,
5 of them which were signed before 2010...
aren't original?
Exactly.
Those from 2008 to January, 2010 aren't.
He signed this on March 29, 2008.
This one on June 18, 2008.
This one on February 18, 2009.
This one on September 2, 2009.
This one was signed on January 22, 2010.
What's the case that shook the industry in 2010?
In 2010...
The change in the policy regarding suicide deaths.
Suicide deaths.
Right.
The policy about suicide deaths was changed.
What are you talking about?
Life insurances sold before 2010...
had a policy that approved suicide as an accident.
If it was approved,
would the insured get paid a special benefit...
in addition to their general death benefit?
The amount varied depending on the cases.
If all these five insurances...
were taken out after 2010,
he wouldn't have been able to get the money.
So they increased the amount?
To make people believe it was a suicide case?
We need evidence, not suspicion.
Where would the original insurance policies be?
We sent all the data about the JH 801 case...
down to the depository in the basement.
We might have to search there...
if we want to find at least some kind of trace.
Depository?
After your retirement,
the company system got changed to keep...
important and classified documents...
in the basement depository.
Not anyone can go in there, though.
We can go in there...
only to put documents...
after dealing with a huge or sensitive case.
Is that so?
What are you doing, sitting here idly?
Go settle a case...
that's huge or sensitive.
Right.
Let's go work, Mr. Park.
Yes, sir.
Joo Hyun Ki, 36 years old.
He's the vice president of JH Group.
His grandfather founded the group,
so he's the grandson of the conglomerate.
The company employees...
call him HK, the initials for his first name.
He was notorious for having way too many women.
He married a top star...
and got divorced only after a year.
He's now a divorced single,
but he's being unexpectedly quiet.
Hold them higher.
Yes, sir.
Lee Young Ho is passing.
You can't hide me with that small body of yours.
At least pretend.
Goodness, it's humiliating.
Please send an email to Reporter Bang, Noo Ri.
Write him to come to the lobby...
in the JH Group building by 3pm tomorrow.
Make the sender's name as Jang Ha Ri.
What are you doing?
Don't pester me.
Don't forget to come here at 3pm tomorrow.
Hold it.
You think I want to appreciate your face?
Hold it higher.
Higher.
It's not bad.
But it's not perfect.
Shall I send it back?
Will you be responsible if its cost goes up?
I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry? You always say that.
Don't say a word.
Why aren't you leaving?
Goodnight, Vice President Joo.
So he takes important documents...
and other things back home.
Does he have some kind of a vault there?
If I ask his secretary, will he spill the beans?
(Original jokbal)
The smallest one is 29 dollars.
Excuse me, I'll take soup and a bottle of soju.
Joo Hyun Ki, that jerk.
That crazy scum.
Tomorrow, I'll make sure...
I turn in my resignation.
I will.
I'm all by myself, but I ordered too much food.
It's all right.
Have some.
I can't finish it anyway. Let's not waste it.
Then I'll take it since I really like jokbal.
Thank you.
Goodnight.
Thanks for the food.
Was jokbal delicious?
Yes, it was.
What did you find out...
after sharing a delicious dish of jokbal?
What?
The guy who just left is...
Vice President Joo's secretary.
Mr. Kim.
Share your big picture with me.
My big picture? I don't have such a thing.
You don't? That makes no sense.
Ms. Jang.
To you, I'm not a human but a con man, right?
A con man who's....
always thinking about ways...
he can prey on people.
You're right. That's who I am.
But...
you know,
there's no need...
to push someone who looks as if...
he's standing on an edge of a cliff.
So what?
You didn't ask him anything?
Is that wrong?
You didn't do anything wrong.
It's not like you.
Right?
Why did I do that? That's so not like me.
I commend you, Mr. Kim.
It looks like you might become a human after all.
I can't become a human.
I was looking forward to the day...
when you'll get a hold of me to expose...
who I really am.
You'll never become a human.
Once a beast, forever a beast.
Right? Don't you think so?
In that case, let's party like beasts tomorrow.
Bye.
That crazy idiot.
Are you insane, Ha Ri?
Reporter Bang is in. Where are you, Mr. Kim?
Stop calling me, Ms. Jang.
You're bothering me.
What?
Are you the person who emailed me yesterday?
Oh, right.
- I emailed you because... - Yes?
Cheetah, to your right.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Kim is headed toward Lee Young Ho.
How did the agreement ceremony go,
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho?
I'm sorry, but who are you?
Don't you recognize me?
I'm sorry, but I don't remember.
Assistant Pilot Kim Bum Joon,
who flew JH 801 which crashed two years ago.
I'm his brother, Jan Gebauer.
Excuse me, right behind you.
Darn it.
Is it okay to leave Mr. Kim like that?
Reporter Bang.
Please move aside.
Mr. Jan Gebauer.
I heard you went back to Germany.
Have you returned?
I gave this some thought in Germany.
If my brother, Kim Bum Joon...
crashed that flight because of depression,
I thought I need to hold you responsible.
- Responsible? - Yes!
Yes, I'd like to hold Juhan Air responsible.
I'll report Juhan Air to this world...
for the depression, suicide, and...
industrial accident of my brother.
- Report? - Industrial accident?
Doesn't he think about the people he killed?
Where's his conscience?
So annoying.
That's nonsense.
What's he talking about?
He already killed so many people.
So many people died from the accident.
[VIU Ver] E08 Mad Dog "Who's Keeping the File?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
It's on.
(Jang Ha Ri)
I told you to stop calling and bothering me.
Where are you right now?
In a meeting room on the 10th floor of JH.
We told you to stay under the radar,
but you went out and exposed yourself.
Great job, Mr. Kim.
Right. Did Reporter Bang get everything on video?
What?
I'll report Juhan Air to this world...
for the depression, suicide, and...
industrial accident of my brother.
Did you make a scene to be caught on video?
Let me know as soon as Reporter Bang uploads...
the video on his blog.
The legal affairs manager is coming in.
Yes, I'll call you later, Lawyer Jang.
Do you have a lawyer already?
I'm just a citizen... I'm just a foreigner,
and JH is a huge corporate...
with a big name airline like Juhan Air.
So I should be thoroughly ready.
I'm glad you said that.
Mr. Jan Gebauer, you are a citizen of Germany.
You might be blood-related with...
the deceased, Mr. Kim Bum Joon,
but legally speaking, you aren't his family.
Therefore, there is no way you'll get the pension...
which the family of the deceased gets...
after one dies from an industrial accident.
Goodness, did I say...
I wanted the pension?
I said I'll report Juhan Air...
to the world for the industrial accident.
The brother of a pilot, who crashed a plane...
which had 190 people on board,
wishes to claim the accident was...
an industrial accident to report JH Group?
That would cause a bit of trouble.
I'm not sure.
Our legal team is rather talented,
so I doubt there will be any trouble at all.
(Jang Ha Ri)
The video is up.
I think it's already causing trouble.
Yes, I'd like to hold Juhan Air responsible.
I'll report Juhan Air to this world...
for the depression, suicide, and...
industrial accident of my brother.
Please call me...
when your statement is ready.
(Vice President Joo Hyun Ki)
Legal Affairs Manager, what is it that you do?
Get rid of that video.
Nothing...
has to happen until next week.
Sir.
People are watching.
Goodness.
Excuse me.
Who is that punk?
Nothing...
has to happen until next week.
Kim Bum Joon's brother?
("The Assistant Pilot's Brother Claims...")
Yes, I'd like to hold Juhan Air responsible.
I'll report Juhan Air to this world...
You presented yourself to the world nicely.
What were you thinking?
I don't want to die either.
If I reveal myself,
it'll be hard for them to do anything to me.
So you're getting stoned by the whole country...
to stop Juhan Air from doing anything to you?
You're getting horrible comments.
Look.
"Crazy scumbag. Industrial accident?"
"Is he trying to get more insurance claim?"
"Recruiting special forces killers."
If you really get killed,
it'll be all over the media.
That's right.
Isn't that great?
How is it great?
Did he do that on purpose...
to be all over the media in case he gets...
He's mad.
Mr. Choi told him to stay low.
If he finds out,
it'll cause a huge ruckus.
Dr. Kim will answer to that.
(Manager Choi Kang Woo)
These are written stress disorder diagnosis...
submitted by men in their mid 20's.
- Is this everything? - No.
There are over 100 more.
100?
"Stress disorder"?
August 2, 2017.
"Injury from training."
June 28, 2017.
This person also got injured from training.
They are all from special forces.
How much would it be in total?
There are 100 more, so...
it'll be at least 5 million dollars.
There must be more.
The key term is...
special forces training stress disorder.
Collect every case.
Yes, sir.
Has the special forces insurance scammer...
from three years ago been released from jail?
Yes, on July 21.
Gosh.
Have you been following the ones you put in jail?
Have you ever seen...
a reformed scammer?
Let's get the 5 million dollars...
and go into the depository.
Okay.
Yes, I'd like to hold Juhan Air responsible.
I'll report Juhan Air to this world...
- for the depression... - Isn't that Kim Min Joon?
Gosh, I told him to stay low.
(Mad Dog, At a Fishing Spot)
The whole country knows your face now.
Do you really have to...
drink beer in public?
Long time no see, Mr. Choi.
Please sit down.
You're going to have a long life.
Why?
Because people are cussing at me?
Are you okay?
For two years, my brother has been...
falsely accused of crashing a plane.
I don't care if I have to face worse things.
Take it easy.
You might really get killed.
Then I'll just get killed.
- Hey, Kim Min Joon. - Do you want some?
No, thanks.
Ju Won used to like that.
I...
got kicked out by my adoptive parents...
when I was 17.
Why did you get kicked out?
Well...
What do you call that in Korea?
They had their real child at an old age.
They gave me a beat-up car...
and told me to leave.
I starved for a few days after I left.
I parked my car...
to get some sleep at night.
The place I parked the car...
was in front of an ice cream shop.
Light was shining...
on the display window.
Gosh, the ice cream looked delicious.
But I didn't have any money.
That was the first time I begged in my life.
With the money I made,
I ran into the ice cream shop.
I bought an ice cream and walked out.
But this time,
I didn't see the car that was coming at me.
I dropped the ice cream on the ground.
That time, I felt...
I picked it up and ate it.
After eating that,
I cried for the first time.
I realized then...
that I was abandoned and alone.
A piece of ice as cold as that ice cream...
pierced my heart.
Do you know...
when that piece of ice started to melt?
October 11, 2015.
When my brother said...
"Next time, call me your brother."
That was when.
Next time, call me your brother,
okay?
For the first time, I hesitated...
whether I should call him my brother or not.
I thought I'd call him my brother...
after he came back from his flight.
But I never got to.
If...
I could put everyone in jail,
the ones who killed my brother,
I'd be okay with dying.
Why would you die?
They are the ones that have to die.
Right?
It should be that way.
You punk.
So...
show me...
what you have been doing.
The dash cam recording you sent...
was fabricated.
Lee Mi Ran was wanted for a million dollars.
I think...
the ones who killed my brother...
are very powerful people in Korea.
So you've been...
using your brain.
All I learned is stealing.
I stole a bug from Pentium and planted it...
in a JH meeting room.
Goodness. Noo Ri...
hates when someone touches his things.
Then...
be my accomplice. Deal?
Legal Affairs Manager Lee Young Ho.
What's going on?
Why is...
Kim Bum Joon's brother alive and causing trouble?
I'm not sure what you're saying.
"I'm not sure what you're saying"?
Okay. Fine.
That's none of my business.
Last time, you told me...
you belong to JH, right?
Yes, sir.
Actually, I don't believe that.
Trust doesn't mean anything.
Everything moves according to the needs.
Isn't that right?
It's next week.
Until then, please let's stay quiet.
Otherwise Chairman Cha...
won't be able to have it back forever.
Why?
Because I might hold onto it forever.
You know, I have nowhere else to fall back.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Joo Hyun Ki has Chairman Cha's thing?
I'm not sure what that is,
but don't you think it's pretty important?
Hey, this isn't original.
(Life Insurance)
All the insurances that he took out before 2010...
were re-made after 2010.
What are you talking about?
I think they fabricated...
the dates your brother signed the insurances.
Who? Why?
To increase the benefit up to 3.4 million dollars.
If the price was high,
it'd be easier for people to believe it was suicide.
That's why Lee Mi Ran...
told me to find the original policies.
If the original policies aren't...
in the depository of Taeyang Insurance...
Joo Hyun Ki...
could have them.
If Joo Hyun Ki has...
the original insurance policies,
where would he keep them?
It seemed like his secretary...
was moving some important documents...
to his house.
Maybe he has a vault in his house.
Don't you think so?
It means that we have to break into his house.
What's his interest lately?
("JH Group Supports 2017 Korean Art Fair")
Art?
He's been very much...
interested in arts lately.
Is that right?
Mr. Kim.
Do you know anything about art?
A little bit.
It doesn't look like a piece of artwork at all.
You have bad eyes for arts.
Let's see how good Mr. Kim...
with a discerning eye is.
Goodness, Mad Dog.
You really can't survive without me, can you?
All right, let's call this operation as...
"Open Sesame".
- Open what? - What does it mean?
My private curator told me...
that Mr. Joo is coming tomorrow...
to buy another piece of arts...
for his collection.
To where?
Hello.
I'm Jan Gebauer, Kim Bum Joon's brother.
Is this Mr. Lee Young Ho?
Why would you call him?
You said you'd call me after clear your head.
But you didn't.
If you're okay with it,
I'd like to visit JH Group once again...
and talk to Vice President Joo Hyun Ki in person.
Gosh, this punk.
Does he have time tomorrow afternoon?
He has no appointment in the afternoon tomorrow.
That's great.
It's because I want to settle this quietly.
I'll ask him first and call you later.
All right, we knocked the door.
Shall we open the gate of Joo Hyun Ki's house?
You have a bait?
I'll invest a piece...
called "By the Fishing Spot"...
from my precious art collection.
Good luck with your fishing.
Guys.
I'm sorry that I can't be out in the field with you.
I miss you guys.
Don't worry about us, Mr. Choi.
Finish your business at ease...
and come back to us.
Cheetah will protect Mad Dog until then.
Call us if you need anything.
Goodnight.
Mr. Choi.
Don't stay out for too long and hurry back.
I want to get rid of them from my house quickly.
They're so noisy and annoying.
That small fry is after Hyun Ki?
How shall I deal with it?
Do as he wants.
Let's sit back and enjoy the ride.
Hold on.
You...
Didn't you quit smoking?
You have breath refresher? Can you give me one?
Breath refresher?
(Taeyang Insurance)
What's this?
You returned to Taeyang?
Do you remember...
the ex-special forces whom we caught three years ago?
It's five million dollars this time.
I might make some good results,
thanks to my good friend.
Thanks.
Hey, what's up with your attitude?
Why are you so sarcastic?
It's because I'm worried about you.
You went after Lee Mi Ran and Ko Jin Chul recently.
What are you trying to do in that company now?
Ko Jin Chul's death...
will be settled as suicide, right?
I think so.
They kill people and cover it so easily.
How impressive.
Don't worry, I'll chase them until the end.
Don't. I will do it.
Just arrest the broker for me.
I won't call you from now on.
Why wouldn't you?
Stay out of this.
I'll be too ashamed to see your family...
if something happens to you because of me.
Kang Woo.
Thanks.
Hey.
Kang Woo.
"By the Fishing Spot".
You sure this is a renowned piece?
The world's famous art collector,
Chairman Jan Borgia, recently bought the piece.
We're getting a lot of inquiries...
from Museum of Islamic Art in Doha as well.
Jan Borgia.
How much will it cost?
We can't simply put a price...
on the value of this piece.
How else can you pay for its worth...
if not with money?
Forget it. I get it,
so pack this for me.
I'll hang it in my office.
I'm sorry,
but may I know your company name?
- What? - The artist...
doesn't sell his pieces to just anyone.
What?
I'm not just anyone.
Are you kidding me?
Where's the person in charge?
Oh, gosh.
Hello, Vice President Joo.
Do you know me?
Of course I do.
You're Vice President Joo Hyun Ki.
You're one of the best art collectors.
"By the Fishing Spot".
I'd like to add this piece in my collection.
Will it be possible?
I'll make sure...
to deliver it to your house this afternoon.
In the afternoon? Okay.
Thanks in advance.
Goodbye.
He took the bait.
It's time to reel out a line.
Hello.
I'm here to take the piece I bought last time.
Which one in specific?
"By the Fishing Spot".
Ex-special forces...
recommended their juniors...
to take out an insurance.
Then they faked the medical diagnosis,
taking their injuries from training as a cause.
Their insurance claims went up...
to 5 million dollars in 3 months?
We noticed them that we'd halt the payment.
And we requested an investigation to...
Daemyeong Police Station. They'll be arrested soon.
It's been only a few days since you returned.
But you already stopped five-million-dollar loss.
Good job, Mr. Choi.
I'll organize the files...
and store them in the depository.
Hand them to me after organizing them.
Ms. Cha.
Give him the pass to the depository.
Pardon?
He'll deal with big cases as well in the future.
It'll be a hassle to get permission every time.
I'm counting on you, Mr. Choi.
Thank you.
(Lee Young Ho)
Hello?
Vice President Joo has an appointment,
so he can talk only for 10 minutes from 3pm.
That's more than enough.
I'll see you soon.
Let's go.
All right.
Who's this?
I'm here for a delivery from Haesum Gallery.
Okay, she has entered his house.
Is the vice president on his way for his meeting?
Well...
He's on his way to the meeting place.
I'm going back to the office.
You have a short meeting at 3pm.
With whom?
The brother of Assistant Pilot Kim Bum Joon,
Jan Gebauer.
What? You idiot...
If you want to deal with this quietly,
you'd better meet him.
Fine.
Why does Jan Gebauer suddenly want to meet?
And 3pm today of all days?
I'll make sure...
to deliver it to your house this afternoon.
Mr. Han, turn the car and go back home.
Call my house. Tell them to not let anyone in.
Turn the car, and make the call!
Yes, Vice President Joo.
Why is he suddenly making a U-turn?
I think you can just leave it here.
The artist is very sensitive about his work.
He told us to take a picture of...
where his piece will be placed.
Ma'am, I'm a bit thirsty.
Could I have a cup of water?
- You can follow me. - Thank you.
(Secretary Han)
- Here you are. - Thank you.
Something is weird.
I think he's detouring.
Cheetah.
Are you headed toward Joo Hyun Ki's house?
How much time do I have?
He's stepping on it.
Less than five minutes.
We have to go, Ms. Jang.
(Data Depository)
(JH 801 Claims Settlement)
It's not here.
What's not there?
I have to put the passcode in.
Five.
One.
Zero.
5, 1, and 0?
1, 5, 1, 0,
1, 1.
October 11, 2015?
That's the day when flight JH 801 crashed.
I asked you what's not there.
Kim Bum Joon's original insurance policy.
The contract screening team is holding...
Not the fabricated one.
I mean the original, Director Cha.
Has his insurance policy been fabricated?
What's your ground?
Why?
I think that's my question.
Why did you do this, Hong Joo?
What are you saying?
What's your ground for your argument?
You had no idea.
Are you...
serious?
(Unlisted Stock Value Assessment)
(Juhan Air Maintenance Facility Subcontract)
It's not here.
(Taeyang Insurance)
(Insurance Policy)
(Insured: Kim Bum Joon, Taeyang Insurance Seoul)
All the dates have been fabricated.
He'll be there soon.
He got out of the car. Leave. Leave immediately.
I'll take care of the situation. Take it.
Hurry up!
Ms. Jang, listen carefully.
We're leaving this here.
- Mr. Kim. - He knows your face.
If he finds out you took this,
Joo Hyun Ki will chase after you for life.
I can't let that happen.
Where's the person from the gallery?
Where is she?
In your study...
What are you doing here?
The artist wanted me to take a picture...
of his painting on the wall.
Where should I put this?
Not here.
In the living room.
Okay, sure.
Wait.
Stand right there.
What is it?
I'm telling you to...
stay still.
If you don't, I'm not sure what I'll do.
Where should I put that?
What about here?
I'm sorry, I'm very picky about placing paintings.
I think...
it'll look much better in the living room.
You should leave...
before Joo Hyun Ki comes out.
Vice President Joo suddenly changed his plan,
so I don't think they were able to take it.
But it does seem like they found something.
Really?
Okay.
Are you busy?
There's something urgent you must take care of.
(Insurance Policy)
The dates are the same. Only the years are faked.
They're all changed to after 2010.
Who would have done this?
Cha Joon Kyu?
Or Cha Hong Joo?
I don't think Hong Joo knew.
What are you saying?
What's your ground for your argument?
I think she really had no idea.
Do you still trust her?
I think someone entered our office.
I installed a sensor just in case.
What are you doing here?
What are you...
doing here,
Han Wu?